			Sonic Remix (Ver. 0.40b)
		         Created by: OrdosAlpha (OrdosBeta)

		Info

The hack is compatible with the Japanese revised version of Sonic The Hedgehog.

		Progress

All the palettes have been changed, with exception to the Special Stage palettes, the title 
cards have all been changed and the level select text. No level layout have been carried as of 
yet as I'm concentrating on my Sonic 2 Remix hack at this moment in time, but when its 
completed i come back and finish the hack.

		The Zones

Lakeside Hill
Zip through the sunset paradise by the lake, but beware of the spikes and Robotnik's badniks.

Magma Ruins
Explore the magma laiden palace ruins atop the volcano of Mt. Mobius. Just watch you don't end 
up being barbecued alive.

Spring Heights
Bounce through the pinball-esque mountain town of Spring Heights.

Hydropolis
You better remember to bring along you're Scuba gear, as you explore the watery depths of these 
submerged ruins.

Night Light Park
Speed through the loops of this long deserted theme park. But watch you're step, as some of the 
gloors don't appear to be very safe.

Genocide City
Welcome to the mechanical monstrosity of Genocide City. Dodge the flame throws and outrun the 
saw blades as you search out the mad doctor. But one thing to look out for is the toxic 
chemical known as Mega Mack, one of Robotnik's more sinister creations, it could lead to your 
death, but who cares, you're only one step away from you're final confrontation with the mad 
doctor.

How To Patch

Before we begin I advise you to use Stealth Patch, as no other patching utility is compatible. 
And I expect you know how to use Stealth Patch as the following will only advise which patch to 
use for the correct Sonic ROM.

International/US Sonic ROM

Use the SonRem-Int ROM Ver.ips file in the US folder and patch it a clean Sonic ROM, and when 
asked if you wish to add a extra data file, select yes and select SonRem-Int ROM Ver.bin. Now 
play Sonic Remix in the best emu around, Gens.

Japanese Sonic ROM

Use the .ips file in the Jap folder and patch it a clean Sonic ROM, and when 
asked if you wish to add a extra data file, select yes and select the .dat file.
Now play Sonic Remix in the best emu around, Gens.

		Thanks

		Stealth - Stealth Patch
		Esrael - Sonic hacking notes
		Gerbil - Sonic Hacking Wiz Pro
		AlphaOmega (mate of mine) - palette ideas
		JohnnyUK - FTP space *update*


